docs/src/testing/contracts-collection.md, before:

## How Contracts Are Collected

When you call `snforge test`, one of the things that `snforge` does is that it calls Scarb, particularly `scarb build`.
It makes Scarb build all contracts from your package and save them to the `target/{current_profile}` directory
(read more on [Scarb website](https://docs.swmansion.com/scarb/docs/extensions/starknet/contract-target.html)).

Then, `snforge` loads compiled contracts from the package your tests are in, allowing you to declare the contracts in tests.

> ⚠️ **Warning**
>
> Make sure to define `[[target.starknet-contract]]` section in your `Scarb.toml`, otherwise Scarb won't build your contracts.


## Using External Contracts In Tests

If you wish to use contracts from your dependencies inside your tests (e.g. an ERC20 token, an account contract),
you must first make Scarb build them. You can do that by using `build-external-contracts` property in `Scarb.toml`, e.g.: 

```toml
[[target.starknet-contract]]
build-external-contracts = ["openzeppelin::account::account::Account"]
```

For more information about `build-external-contracts`, see [Scarb documentation](https://docs.swmansion.com/scarb/docs/extensions/starknet/contract-target.html#compiling-external-contracts).

Commit message:

Update test and contract collection docs (#2656)
<!-- Reference any GitHub issues resolved by this PR -->

Closes #2627
Closes #2465

## Introduced changes

<!-- A brief description of the changes -->

- Split contract collection docs into two parts: one showing new
mechanism and one showing old
- Moved current (old) contract collection docs to subpage
- Added new contract collection docs subpage
- Added information that Scarb handles test collection and linked
relevant sections in Scarb docs
- Reworked test collection docs

## Checklist

<!-- Make sure all of these are complete -->

- [x] Linked relevant issue
- [x] Updated relevant documentation
- [x] Added relevant tests
- [x] Performed self-review of the code
- [x] Added changes to `CHANGELOG.md`

---------

Co-authored-by: Franciszek Job <54181625+franciszekjob@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: ddoktorski <45050160+ddoktorski@users.noreply.github.com>

docs/src/testing/contracts-collection.md, after:

# How Contracts Are Collected

`snforge` supports two mechanisms for collecting contracts used in tests.
The default one depends on Scarb version used and can be controlled with `--no-optimization` flag.

- If using Scarb version >= 2.8.3, [optimized collection mechanism](contract-collection/new-mechanism.md) is used by
  default.
- If using Scarb version < 2.8.3 or running `snforge test` with `--no-optimization` flag,
  the [old collection mechanism](contract-collection/old-mechanism.md) is used.

> 📝 **Note**
>
> Enabling new mechanism **requires** Scarb version >= 2.8.3.

## Differences Between Collection Mechanisms

| Feature                                                 | Old Mechanism | Optimised Mechanism |
|---------------------------------------------------------|---------------|---------------------|
| Using contracts from `/src`                             | ✅             | ✅                   |
| Using contracts from `/tests`                           | ❌             | ✅                   |
| Using contracts from modules marked with `#[cfg(test)]` | ❌             | ✅                   |
| Using contracts from dependencies                       | ✅             | ✅                   |
| Contracts more closely resemble ones from real network  | ✅             | ❌                   |
| Less compilation steps required (faster compilation)    | ❌             | ✅                   |
| Additional compilation step required (`scarb build`)    | ✅             | ❌                   |
