docs/src/appendix/sncast/multicall/run.md, before:

# `run`

Execute a single multicall transaction containing every call from passed file.

## Required Common Arguments — Passed By CLI or Specified in `snfoundry.toml`

* [`account`](../common.md#--account--a-account_name)

## `--path, -p <PATH>`
Required.

Path to a TOML file with call declarations.

## `--url, -u <RPC_URL>`
Optional.

Starknet RPC node url address.

Overrides url from `snfoundry.toml`.

## `--network <NETWORK>`
Optional.

Use predefined network with public provider

Possible values: `mainnet`, `sepolia`.

## `--max-fee, -m <MAX_FEE>`
Optional.

Maximum fee for the `invoke` denoted in FRI. Must be greater than zero. If provided, it is not possible to use any of the following fee related flags: `--l1-gas`, `--l1-data-price`, `--l2-gas`, `--l2-gas-price`, `--l1-data-gas`, `--l1-data-gas-price`.

## `--l1-gas <L1_GAS>`
Optional.

Maximum L1 gas for the `invoke` transaction. When not used, defaults to auto-estimation.

## ` --l1-gas-price <l1_gas_price>`
Optional.

Maximum L1 gas unit price for the `invoke` transaction. When not used, defaults to auto-estimation.

## `--l2-gas <L2_GAS>`
Optional.

Maximum L2 gas for the `invoke` transaction. When not used, defaults to auto-estimation.

## `--l2-gas-price <L2_GAS_PRICE>`
Optional.

Maximum L2 gas unit price for the `invoke` transaction. When not used, defaults to auto-estimation.

## `--l1-data-gas <L1_DATA_GAS>`
Optional.

Maximum L1 data gas for the `invoke` transaction. When not used, defaults to auto-estimation.

## `--l1-data-gas-price <l1_data_gas_price>`
Optional.

Maximum L1 data gas unit price for the `invoke` transaction. When not used, defaults to auto-estimation.

## `--tip <TIP>`
Optional.

Tip for the transaction. When not provided, defaults to 0.

File example:

```toml
[[call]]
call_type = "deploy"
class_hash = "0x076e94149fc55e7ad9c5fe3b9af570970ae2cf51205f8452f39753e9497fe849"
inputs = []
id = "map_contract"
unique = false

[[call]]
call_type = "invoke"
contract_address = "0x38b7b9507ccf73d79cb42c2cc4e58cf3af1248f342112879bfdf5aa4f606cc9"
function = "put"
inputs = ["0x123", "234"]

[[call]]
call_type = "invoke"
contract_address = "map_contract"
function = "put"
inputs = ["0x123", "234"]

[[call]]
call_type = "deploy"
class_hash = "0x2bb3d35dba2984b3d0cd0901b4e7de5411daff6bff5e072060bcfadbbd257b1"
inputs = ["0x123", "map_contract"]
unique = false
```

Commit message:

Add `--estimate-tip` flag (#3636)
<!-- Reference any GitHub issues resolved by this PR -->

Closes #3554

---------

Co-authored-by: Franciszek Job <54181625+franciszekjob@users.noreply.github.com>

docs/src/appendix/sncast/multicall/run.md, after:

# `run`

Execute a single multicall transaction containing every call from passed file.

## Required Common Arguments — Passed By CLI or Specified in `snfoundry.toml`

* [`account`](../common.md#--account--a-account_name)

## `--path, -p <PATH>`
Required.

Path to a TOML file with call declarations.

## `--url, -u <RPC_URL>`
Optional.

Starknet RPC node url address.

Overrides url from `snfoundry.toml`.

## `--network <NETWORK>`
Optional.

Use predefined network with public provider

Possible values: `mainnet`, `sepolia`.

## `--max-fee, -m <MAX_FEE>`
Optional.

Maximum fee for the `invoke` denoted in FRI. Must be greater than zero. If provided, it is not possible to use any of the following fee related flags: `--l1-gas`, `--l1-data-price`, `--l2-gas`, `--l2-gas-price`, `--l1-data-gas`, `--l1-data-gas-price`.

## `--l1-gas <L1_GAS>`
Optional.

Maximum L1 gas for the `invoke` transaction. When not used, defaults to auto-estimation.

## ` --l1-gas-price <l1_gas_price>`
Optional.

Maximum L1 gas unit price for the `invoke` transaction. When not used, defaults to auto-estimation.

## `--l2-gas <L2_GAS>`
Optional.

Maximum L2 gas for the `invoke` transaction. When not used, defaults to auto-estimation.

## `--l2-gas-price <L2_GAS_PRICE>`
Optional.

Maximum L2 gas unit price for the `invoke` transaction. When not used, defaults to auto-estimation.

## `--l1-data-gas <L1_DATA_GAS>`
Optional.

Maximum L1 data gas for the `invoke` transaction. When not used, defaults to auto-estimation.

## `--l1-data-gas-price <l1_data_gas_price>`
Optional.

Maximum L1 data gas unit price for the `invoke` transaction. When not used, defaults to auto-estimation.

## `--tip <TIP>`
Optional.
Conflicts with: [`--estimate-tip`](#--estimate-tip-estimate_tip)

Tip for the transaction. When not provided, defaults to 0 unless [`--estimate-tip`](#--estimate-tip-estimate_tip) is used.

## `--estimate-tip <ESTIMATE_TIP>`
Optional.
Conflicts with: [`--tip`](#--tip-tip)

If passed, an estimated tip will be added to pay for the transaction. The tip is estimated based on the current network conditions and added to the transaction fee.

File example:

```toml
[[call]]
call_type = "deploy"
class_hash = "0x076e94149fc55e7ad9c5fe3b9af570970ae2cf51205f8452f39753e9497fe849"
inputs = []
id = "map_contract"
unique = false

[[call]]
call_type = "invoke"
contract_address = "0x38b7b9507ccf73d79cb42c2cc4e58cf3af1248f342112879bfdf5aa4f606cc9"
function = "put"
inputs = ["0x123", "234"]

[[call]]
call_type = "invoke"
contract_address = "map_contract"
function = "put"
inputs = ["0x123", "234"]

[[call]]
call_type = "deploy"
class_hash = "0x2bb3d35dba2984b3d0cd0901b4e7de5411daff6bff5e072060bcfadbbd257b1"
inputs = ["0x123", "map_contract"]
unique = false
```
