docs/src/snforge-advanced-features/fork-testing.md, before:

# Fork Testing

`snforge` supports testing in a forked environment. Each test can fork the state of a specified real
network and perform actions on top of it.

> 📝 **Note**
>
> Actions are performed on top of the `forked` state which means real network is not affected.

## Test Contract

We will demonstrate fork testing on an example of the `Pokemons` contract deployed on Sepolia network.
We are going to use a free, open RPC endpoint - [Blast](https://blastapi.io/public-api/starknet).

We first need to define the contract's interface along with all the structures used by its externals:
```rust
{{#include ../../listings/fork_testing/src/lib.cairo}}
```

## Fork Configuration

There are two ways of configuring a fork:
- by specifying `url` and block-related parameters in the `#[fork(...)]` attribute
- or by passing a fork name defined in your `Scarb.toml` to the `#[fork(...)]` attribute

### Configure a Fork in the Attribute

It is possible to pass `url` and only one of `block_number`, `block_hash`, `block_tag` arguments to the `fork` attribute:
- `url` (string literal) - RPC URL
- `block_number` (hexadecimal number) - number of block which fork will be pinned to
- `block_hash` (hexadecimal number) - hash of block which fork will be pinned to
- `block_tag` (identifier) - tag of block which fork will be pinned to. Currently only `latest` is supported

Once such a configuration is passed, it is possible to use state and contracts defined on the specified network.

We are going to test a very simple scenario:
1. Obtain a dispatcher generated by the `#[starknet::interface]`
2. Instantiate it with a real contract address present in the forked state
3. Call a method modifying the contract's state
4. Make some assertion about the changed state

Example uses of all methods:

1. `block_number`:
```rust
{{#include ../../listings/fork_testing/tests/explicit/block_number.cairo}}
```

2. `block_hash`:
```rust
{{#include ../../listings/fork_testing/tests/explicit/block_hash.cairo}}
```

3. `block_tag`:
```rust
{{#include ../../listings/fork_testing/tests/explicit/block_tag.cairo}}
```

### Configure Fork in `Scarb.toml`

Although passing named arguments works fine, you have to copy-paste it each time you want to use
the same fork in tests.

`snforge` solves this issue by allowing fork configuration inside the `Scarb.toml` file.
```toml
[[tool.snforge.fork]]
name = "SEPOLIA_LATEST"
url = "https://starknet-sepolia.public.blastapi.io/rpc/v0_7"
block_id.tag = "latest"
```

From this moment forks can be set using their name in the `fork` attribute.

```rust
{{#include ../../listings/fork_testing/tests/name.cairo}}
```

In some cases you may want to override `block_id` defined in the `Scarb.toml` file.
You can do it by passing `block_number`, `block_hash`, `block_tag` arguments to the `fork` attribute.

```rust
{{#include ../../listings/fork_testing/tests/overridden_name.cairo}}
```

## Testing Forked Contracts

Once the fork is configured, the test will run on top of the forked state, meaning that it will have access to every contract deployed on the real network.

With that, you can now interact with any contract from the chain [the same way you would in a standard test](../testing/contracts.md).

> ⚠️ **Warning**
>
> Some cheats aren't supported and won't work for forked contracts written in **Cairo 0**.
> Only those cheats are going to have an effect:
>
> - `caller_address`
> - `block_number`
> - `block_timestamp`
> - `sequencer_address`
> - `spy_events`
> - `spy_messages_to_l1`
>

Commit message:

Document fork cache (#3340)
<!-- Reference any GitHub issues resolved by this PR -->

Closes #

## Introduced changes

<!-- A brief description of the changes -->

- Updated fork docs to mention caches.
- Reworded first paragraph
- Spelling, formatting improvements

## Checklist

<!-- Make sure all of these are complete -->

- [x] Linked relevant issue
- [x] Updated relevant documentation
- [x] Added relevant tests
- [x] Performed self-review of the code
- [x] Added changes to `CHANGELOG.md`

---------

Co-authored-by: kkawula <57270771+kkawula@users.noreply.github.com>

docs/src/snforge-advanced-features/fork-testing.md, after:

# Fork Testing

`snforge` supports testing in a forked environment.
Forking allows using state and contracts from a real instance Starknet network, including Mainnet and Sepolia.
Each test can fork the state of a specified real
network and perform actions on top of it.

> 📝 **Note**
>
> Actions are performed on top of the `forked` state which means real network is not affected.

## Test Contract

We will demonstrate fork testing on an example of the `Pokemons` contract deployed on Sepolia network.
We are going to use a free, open RPC endpoint - [Blast](https://blastapi.io/public-api/starknet).

We first need to define the contract's interface along with all the structures used by its externals:
```rust
{{#include ../../listings/fork_testing/src/lib.cairo}}
```

## Fork Configuration

There are two ways of configuring a fork:
- by specifying `url` and block-related parameters in the `#[fork(...)]` attribute
- or by providing a fork name defined in your `Scarb.toml` to the `#[fork(...)]` attribute

> 📝 **Note**
> Using fork tests means `snforge` will make (often multiple) requests to the configured RPC URL.
> These requests are relatively slow as they happen over the network.
>
> `snforge` can cache these requests automatically in `.snfoundry_cache` but only if `block_hash` or `block_number` is provided.
> **Using `block_tag`, especially `"latest"` disables the caching functionality.**

### Configure a Fork in the Attribute

It is possible to pass `url` and only one of `block_number`, `block_hash`, `block_tag` arguments to the `fork` attribute:
- `url` — RPC URL
- `block_number` — number of a block which fork will be pinned to
- `block_hash` — hash of block which fork will be pinned to
- `block_tag` — tag of block which fork will be pinned to. Currently only `latest` is supported

> 📝 **Note**
> `block_hash` and `block_number` can be provided as a decimal or hex number.

Once such a configuration is passed, it is possible to use state and contracts defined on the specified network.

We are going to test a basic scenario:
1. Obtain a dispatcher generated by the `#[starknet::interface]`
2. Instantiate it with a real contract address present in the forked state
3. Call a method modifying the contract's state
4. Make some assertion about the changed state

Example uses of all methods:

#### `block_number`
```rust
{{#include ../../listings/fork_testing/tests/explicit/block_number.cairo}}
```

#### `block_hash`
```rust
{{#include ../../listings/fork_testing/tests/explicit/block_hash.cairo}}
```

#### `block_tag`
```rust
{{#include ../../listings/fork_testing/tests/explicit/block_tag.cairo}}
```

### Configure Fork in `Scarb.toml`

Although passing named arguments works fine, you have to copy-paste it each time you want to use
the same fork in tests.

`snforge` solves this issue by allowing fork configuration inside the `Scarb.toml` file.
```toml
[[tool.snforge.fork]]
name = "SEPOLIA_LATEST"
url = "https://starknet-sepolia.public.blastapi.io/rpc/v0_7"
block_id.tag = "latest"
```

From this moment forks can be set using their name in the `fork` attribute.

```rust
{{#include ../../listings/fork_testing/tests/name.cairo}}
```

In some cases you may want to override `block_id` defined in the `Scarb.toml` file.
You can do it by passing `block_number`, `block_hash`, `block_tag` arguments to the `fork` attribute.

```rust
{{#include ../../listings/fork_testing/tests/overridden_name.cairo}}
```

## Testing Forked Contracts

Once the fork is configured, the test will run on top of the forked state, meaning that it will have access to every contract deployed on the real network.

With that, you can now interact with any contract from the chain [the same way you would in a standard test](../testing/contracts.md).

> ⚠️ **Warning**
>
> Some cheats aren't supported and won't work for forked contracts written in **Cairo 0**.
> Only those cheats are going to have an effect:
>
> - `caller_address`
> - `block_number`
> - `block_timestamp`
> - `sequencer_address`
> - `spy_events`
> - `spy_messages_to_l1`
>
