# Fork Testing

`snforge` supports testing in a forked environment. Each test can fork the state of a specified real
network and perform actions on top of it.

> ðŸ“ **Note**
>
> Actions are performed on top of the `forked` state which means real network is not affected.

## Test Contract

We will demonstrate fork testing on an example of the `Pokemons` contract deployed on Sepolia network.
We are going to use a free, open RPC endpoint - [Blast](https://blastapi.io/public-api/starknet).

We first need to define the contract's interface along with all the structures used by its externals:
```rust
{{#include ../../listings/fork_testing/src/lib.cairo}}
```

## Fork Configuration

There are two ways of configuring a fork:
- by specifying `url` and block-related parameters in the `#[fork(...)]` attribute
- or by passing a fork name defined in your `Scarb.toml` to the `#[fork(...)]` attribute

### Configure a Fork in the Attribute

It is possible to pass `url` and only one of `block_number`, `block_hash`, `block_tag` arguments to the `fork` attribute:
- `url` (string literal) - RPC URL
- `block_number` (hexadecimal number) - number of block which fork will be pinned to
- `block_hash` (hexadecimal number) - hash of block which fork will be pinned to
- `block_tag` (identifier) - tag of block which fork will be pinned to. Currently only `latest` is supported

Once such a configuration is passed, it is possible to use state and contracts defined on the specified network.

We are going to test a very simple scenario:
1. Obtain a dispatcher generated by the `#[starknet::interface]`
2. Instantiate it with a real contract address present in the forked state
3. Call a method modifying the contract's state
4. Make some assertion about the changed state

Example uses of all methods:

1. `block_number`:
```rust
{{#include ../../listings/fork_testing/tests/explicit/block_number.cairo}}
```

2. `block_hash`:
```rust
{{#include ../../listings/fork_testing/tests/explicit/block_hash.cairo}}
```

3. `block_tag`:
```rust
{{#include ../../listings/fork_testing/tests/explicit/block_tag.cairo}}
```

### Configure Fork in `Scarb.toml`

Although passing named arguments works fine, you have to copy-paste it each time you want to use
the same fork in tests.

`snforge` solves this issue by allowing fork configuration inside the `Scarb.toml` file.
```toml
[[tool.snforge.fork]]
name = "SEPOLIA_LATEST"
url = "https://starknet-sepolia.public.blastapi.iol/rpc/v0_7"
block_id.tag = "latest"
```

From this moment forks can be set using their name in the `fork` attribute.

```rust
{{#include ../../listings/fork_testing/tests/name.cairo}}
```

In some cases you may want to override `block_id` defined in the `Scarb.toml` file.
You can do it by passing `block_number`, `block_hash`, `block_tag` arguments to the `fork` attribute.

```rust
{{#include ../../listings/fork_testing/tests/overridden_name.cairo}}
```

## Testing Forked Contracts

Once the fork is configured, the test will run on top of the forked state, meaning that it will have access to every contract deployed on the real network.

With that, you can now interact with any contract from the chain [the same way you would in a standard test](../testing/contracts.md).

> âš ï¸ **Warning**
>
> Some cheats aren't supported and won't work for forked contracts written in **Cairo 0**.
> Only those cheats are going to have an effect:
>
> - `caller_address`
> - `block_number`
> - `block_timestamp`
> - `sequencer_address`
> - `spy_events`
> - `spy_messages_to_l1`
>
