docs/src/snforge-advanced-features/profiling.md, before:

# Profiling

Profiling is what allows developers to get more insight into how the transaction is executed.
You can inspect the call tree, see how many resources are used for different parts of the execution, and more!

## Integration with [cairo-profiler](https://github.com/software-mansion/cairo-profiler)

`snforge` is able to produce a file with a trace for each passing test (excluding fuzz tests). 
All you have to do is use the [`--save-trace-data`](../appendix/snforge/test.md#--save-trace-data) flag:

```shell
$ snforge test --save-trace-data
```

The files with traces will be saved to `snfoundry_trace` directory. Each one of these files can then be used as an input
for the [cairo-profiler](https://github.com/software-mansion/cairo-profiler).

If you want `snforge` to call `cairo-profiler` on generated files automatically, use [`--build-profile`](../appendix/snforge/test.md#--build-profile) flag:

```shell
$ snforge test --build-profile
``` 
The files with profiling data will be saved to `profile` directory.

## Passing arguments to `cairo-profiler`

You can pass additional arguments to `cairo-profiler` by using the `--` separator. Everything after `--` will be passed
to `cairo-profiler`:

```shell
$ snforge test --build-profile -- --show-inlined-functions
```

> 📝 **Note**
>
> Running `snforge test --help` won't show info about `cairo-profiler` flags. To see them, run `snforge test --build-profile -- --help`.

Commit message:

Run forge tests with cairo steps explicitly set in tests (#3050)
Related to #2977

This PR stack aims to add support for new resource tracking (sierra-gas)
and new gas representation (GasVector triplet instead of single l1 gas
value).

-- (https://github.com/foundry-rs/starknet-foundry/pull/3049) Add sierra
gas tracking
--> (This PR) Run already existing tests with CairoSteps set explicitly
-- (https://github.com/foundry-rs/starknet-foundry/pull/3051) Add
support for sierra gas in `--detailed-resources`
-- (https://github.com/foundry-rs/starknet-foundry/pull/3052) Add
support for sierra gas in `--save-trace-data`
-- (https://github.com/foundry-rs/starknet-foundry/pull/3053) Add sierra
version assertion
-- (https://github.com/foundry-rs/starknet-foundry/pull/3054) Introduce
new gas representation
-- (https://github.com/foundry-rs/starknet-foundry/pull/3055) Add gas
tests for sierra-gas tracking
-- (https://github.com/foundry-rs/starknet-foundry/pull/3056) Update
docs with sierra-gas related changes

docs/src/snforge-advanced-features/profiling.md, after:

# Profiling

Profiling is what allows developers to get more insight into how the transaction is executed.
You can inspect the call tree, see how many resources are used for different parts of the execution, and more!

## Integration with [cairo-profiler](https://github.com/software-mansion/cairo-profiler)

`snforge` is able to produce a file with a trace for each passing test (excluding fuzz tests). 
All you have to do is use the [`--save-trace-data`](../appendix/snforge/test.md#--save-trace-data) flag:

```shell
$ snforge test --save-trace-data
```

> 💡 **Tip**
>
> You can choose which resource to track (cairo-steps or sierra-gas) using `--tracked-resource` flag
> Tracking sierra gas is only available for sierra 1.7.0+

The files with traces will be saved to `snfoundry_trace` directory. Each one of these files can then be used as an input
for the [cairo-profiler](https://github.com/software-mansion/cairo-profiler).

If you want `snforge` to call `cairo-profiler` on generated files automatically, use [`--build-profile`](../appendix/snforge/test.md#--build-profile) flag:

```shell
$ snforge test --build-profile
``` 
The files with profiling data will be saved to `profile` directory.

## Passing arguments to `cairo-profiler`

You can pass additional arguments to `cairo-profiler` by using the `--` separator. Everything after `--` will be passed
to `cairo-profiler`:

```shell
$ snforge test --build-profile -- --show-inlined-functions
```

> 📝 **Note**
>
> Running `snforge test --help` won't show info about `cairo-profiler` flags. To see them, run `snforge test --build-profile -- --help`.
