crates/sncast/README.md, before:

# sncast - Starknet Foundry CLI

Starknet Foundry `sncast` is a command line tool for performing Starknet RPC calls. With it, you can easily interact with Starknet contracts!

Note, that `sncast` only officially supports contracts written in Cairo 2.

## Table of contents

<!-- TOC -->
  * [Installation](#installation)
  * [Documentation](#documentation)
  * [Example usages](#example-usages)
    * [Declaring contracts](#declare-a-contract)
    * [Deploying contracts](#deploy-a-contract)
    * [Invoking contracts](#invoke-a-contract)
    * [Calling contracts](#call-a-contract)
  * [Development](#development)
<!-- TOC -->

## Installation

You can download latest version of `sncast` [here](https://github.com/foundry-rs/starknet-foundry/releases).

## Documentation

For more details on Starknet Foundry `sncast`, please visit [our docs](https://foundry-rs.github.io/starknet-foundry/starknet/index.html) 

## Example usages

All subcommand usages are shown for two scenarios - when all necessary arguments are supplied using CLI, and when `url`, `accounts-file` and `account` arguments are taken from `snfoundry.toml`. To learn more about configuring profiles with parameters in `snfoundry.toml` file, please refer to the [documentation](https://foundry-rs.github.io/starknet-foundry/projects/configuration.html#defining-profiles-in-snfoundrytoml).

### Declare a contract

<!-- TODO(#2736) -->
<!-- { "ignored": true } -->
```shell
$ sncast --account my_account \
    declare \
    --contract-name HelloSncast \
    --fee-token strk
```

<details>
<summary>Output:</summary>

```shell
command: Declare
class_hash: [..]
transaction_hash: [..]
```
</details>
<br>

With arguments taken from `snfoundry.toml` file (default profile name):

<!-- TODO(#2736) -->
<!-- { "ignored": true } -->
```shell
$ sncast declare \
    --contract-name HelloSncast \
    --fee-token strk
```

<details>
<summary>Output:</summary>

```shell
command: Declare
class_hash: [..]
transaction_hash: [..]
```
</details>
<br>


### Deploy a contract

<!-- TODO(#2736) -->
<!-- { "ignored": true } -->
```shell
$ sncast --account my_account \
    deploy --class-hash 0x0227f52a4d2138816edf8231980d5f9e6e0c8a3deab45b601a1fcee3d4427b02 \
    --url http://127.0.0.1:5055 \
    --fee-token strk
```

<details>
<summary>Output:</summary>

```shell
command: Deploy
contract_address: [..]
transaction_hash: [..]
```
</details>
<br>

With arguments taken from `snfoundry.toml` file (default profile name):

<!-- TODO(#2736) -->
<!-- { "ignored": true } -->
```shell
$ sncast deploy \
--class-hash 0x0227f52a4d2138816edf8231980d5f9e6e0c8a3deab45b601a1fcee3d4427b02 \
--fee-token strk

```

<details>
<summary>Output:</summary>

```shell
command: Deploy
contract_address: [..]
transaction_hash: [..]
```
</details>
<br>


### Invoke a contract

```shell
$ sncast \
    --account my_account \
    invoke \
    --contract-address 0x0589a8b8bf819b7820cb699ea1f6c409bc012c9b9160106ddc3dacd6a89653cf \
    --function "sum_numbers" \
    --arguments '1, 2, 3' \
    --url http://127.0.0.1:5055/rpc \
    --fee-token strk
```

<details>
<summary>Output:</summary>

```shell
command: invoke
transaction_hash: [..]

To see invocation details, visit:
transaction: https://sepolia.starkscan.co/tx/[..]
```
</details>
<br>


With arguments taken from `snfoundry.toml` file (default profile name):

```shell
$ sncast invoke \
    --contract-address 0x0589a8b8bf819b7820cb699ea1f6c409bc012c9b9160106ddc3dacd6a89653cf \
    --function "sum_numbers" \
    --arguments '1, 2, 3' \
    --url http://127.0.0.1:5055/rpc \
    --fee-token strk
```

<details>
<summary>Output:</summary>

```shell
command: invoke
transaction_hash: [..]

To see invocation details, visit:
transaction: https://sepolia.starkscan.co/tx/[..]
```
</details>
<br>

### Call a contract

```shell
$ sncast \
    call \
    --contract-address 0x0589a8b8bf819b7820cb699ea1f6c409bc012c9b9160106ddc3dacd6a89653cf \
    --function "sum_numbers" \
    --arguments '1, 2, 3' \
    --url http://127.0.0.1:5055/rpc
```

<details>
<summary>Output:</summary>

```shell
command: call
response: [0x6]
```
</details>
<br>


With arguments taken from `snfoundry.toml` file (default profile name):

```shell
$ sncast call \
    --contract-address 0x0589a8b8bf819b7820cb699ea1f6c409bc012c9b9160106ddc3dacd6a89653cf \
    --function "sum_numbers" \
    --arguments '1, 2, 3' \
    --url http://127.0.0.1:5055/rpc
```

<details>
<summary>Output:</summary>

```shell
command: call
response: [0x6]
```
</details>
<br>


## Development

Refer to [documentation](https://foundry-rs.github.io/starknet-foundry/development/environment-setup.html) to make sure you have all the pre-requisites, and to obtain an information on how to help to develop `sncast`.

Please make sure you're using scarb installed via asdf - otherwise some tests may fail.
To verify, run:

```shell
$ which scarb
```

<details>
<summary>Output:</summary>

```shell
$HOME/.asdf/shims/scarb
```
</details>
<br>

If you previously installed scarb using official installer, you may need to remove this installation or modify your PATH to make sure asdf installed one is always used.

Commit message:

Support for the verification with class hash

crates/sncast/README.md, after:

# sncast - Starknet Foundry CLI

Starknet Foundry `sncast` is a command line tool for performing Starknet RPC calls. With it, you can easily interact with Starknet contracts!

Note, that `sncast` only officially supports contracts written in Cairo 2.

## Table of contents

<!-- TOC -->
  * [Installation](#installation)
  * [Documentation](#documentation)
  * [Example usages](#example-usages)
    * [Declaring contracts](#declare-a-contract)
    * [Deploying contracts](#deploy-a-contract)
    * [Invoking contracts](#invoke-a-contract)
    * [Calling contracts](#call-a-contract)
  * [Development](#development)
<!-- TOC -->

## Installation

You can download latest version of `sncast` [here](https://github.com/foundry-rs/starknet-foundry/releases).

## Documentation

For more details on Starknet Foundry `sncast`, please visit [our docs](https://foundry-rs.github.io/starknet-foundry/starknet/index.html) 

## Example usages

All subcommand usages are shown for two scenarios - when all necessary arguments are supplied using CLI, and when `url`, `accounts-file` and `account` arguments are taken from `snfoundry.toml`. To learn more about configuring profiles with parameters in `snfoundry.toml` file, please refer to the [documentation](https://foundry-rs.github.io/starknet-foundry/projects/configuration.html#defining-profiles-in-snfoundrytoml).

### Declare a contract

<!-- TODO(#2736) -->
<!-- { "ignored": true } -->
```shell
$ sncast --account my_account \
    declare \
    --contract-name HelloSncast \
    --fee-token strk
```

<details>
<summary>Output:</summary>

```shell
command: Declare
class_hash: [..]
transaction_hash: [..]
```
</details>
<br>

With arguments taken from `snfoundry.toml` file (default profile name):

<!-- TODO(#2736) -->
<!-- { "ignored": true } -->
```shell
$ sncast declare \
    --contract-name HelloSncast \
    --fee-token strk
```

<details>
<summary>Output:</summary>

```shell
command: Declare
class_hash: [..]
transaction_hash: [..]
```
</details>
<br>


### Deploy a contract

<!-- TODO(#2736) -->
<!-- { "ignored": true } -->
```shell
$ sncast --account my_account \
    deploy --class-hash 0x0227f52a4d2138816edf8231980d5f9e6e0c8a3deab45b601a1fcee3d4427b02 \
    --url http://127.0.0.1:5055 \
    --fee-token strk
```

<details>
<summary>Output:</summary>

```shell
command: Deploy
contract_address: [..]
transaction_hash: [..]
```
</details>
<br>

With arguments taken from `snfoundry.toml` file (default profile name):

<!-- TODO(#2736) -->
<!-- { "ignored": true } -->
```shell
$ sncast deploy \
--class-hash 0x0227f52a4d2138816edf8231980d5f9e6e0c8a3deab45b601a1fcee3d4427b02 \
--fee-token strk

```

<details>
<summary>Output:</summary>

```shell
command: Deploy
contract_address: [..]
transaction_hash: [..]
```
</details>
<br>


### Invoke a contract

```shell
$ sncast \
    --account my_account \
    invoke \
    --contract-address 0x0589a8b8bf819b7820cb699ea1f6c409bc012c9b9160106ddc3dacd6a89653cf \
    --function "sum_numbers" \
    --arguments '1, 2, 3' \
    --url http://127.0.0.1:5055/rpc \
    --fee-token strk
```

<details>
<summary>Output:</summary>

```shell
command: invoke
transaction_hash: [..]

To see invocation details, visit:
transaction: https://sepolia.starkscan.co/tx/[..]
```
</details>
<br>


With arguments taken from `snfoundry.toml` file (default profile name):

```shell
$ sncast invoke \
    --contract-address 0x0589a8b8bf819b7820cb699ea1f6c409bc012c9b9160106ddc3dacd6a89653cf \
    --function "sum_numbers" \
    --arguments '1, 2, 3' \
    --url http://127.0.0.1:5055/rpc \
    --fee-token strk
```

<details>
<summary>Output:</summary>

```shell
command: invoke
transaction_hash: [..]

To see invocation details, visit:
transaction: https://sepolia.starkscan.co/tx/[..]
```
</details>
<br>

### Call a contract

```shell
$ sncast \
    call \
    --contract-address 0x0589a8b8bf819b7820cb699ea1f6c409bc012c9b9160106ddc3dacd6a89653cf \
    --function "sum_numbers" \
    --arguments '1, 2, 3' \
    --url http://127.0.0.1:5055/rpc
```

<details>
<summary>Output:</summary>

```shell
command: call
response: [0x6]
```
</details>
<br>


With arguments taken from `snfoundry.toml` file (default profile name):

```shell
$ sncast call \
    --contract-address 0x0589a8b8bf819b7820cb699ea1f6c409bc012c9b9160106ddc3dacd6a89653cf \
    --function "sum_numbers" \
    --arguments '1, 2, 3' \
    --url http://127.0.0.1:5055/rpc
```

<details>
<summary>Output:</summary>

```shell
command: call
response: [0x6]
```
</details>
<br>

### Verify a contract

```shell
$ sncast \
    verify \
    --class-hash 0x0227f52a4d2138816edf8231980d5f9e6e0c8a3deab45b601a1fcee3d4427b02 \
    --contract-name HelloSncast \
    --verifier walnut \
    --network sepolia
```

<details>
<summary>Output:</summary>

```shell

    You are about to submit the entire workspace code to the third-party verifier at walnut.

    Important: Make sure your project does not include sensitive information like private keys. The snfoundry.toml file will be uploaded. Keep the keystore outside the project to prevent it from being uploaded.

    Are you sure you want to proceed? (Y/n): Y

command: verify
message: Contract verification has started. You can check the verification status at the following link: https://app.walnut.dev/verification/status/77f1d905-fdb4-4280-b7d6-57cd029d1259.
```
</details>
<br>

## Development

Refer to [documentation](https://foundry-rs.github.io/starknet-foundry/development/environment-setup.html) to make sure you have all the pre-requisites, and to obtain an information on how to help to develop `sncast`.

Please make sure you're using scarb installed via asdf - otherwise some tests may fail.
To verify, run:

```shell
$ which scarb
```

<details>
<summary>Output:</summary>

```shell
$HOME/.asdf/shims/scarb
```
</details>
<br>

If you previously installed scarb using official installer, you may need to remove this installation or modify your PATH to make sure asdf installed one is always used.
