docs/src/appendix/sncast/account/deploy.md, before:

# `deploy`
Deploy previously created account to Starknet.

## `--name, -n <ACCOUNT_NAME>`
Required.

Name of the (previously created) account to be deployed.

## `--url, -u <RPC_URL>`
Optional.

Starknet RPC node url address.

Overrides url from `snfoundry.toml`.

## `--network <NETWORK>`
Optional.

Use predefined network with a public provider

Possible values: `mainnet`, `sepolia`.

## `--max-fee, -m <MAX_FEE>`
Optional.

Maximum fee for the `deploy_account` denoted in FRI. Must be greater than zero. If provided, it is not possible to use any of the following fee related flags: `--l1-gas`, `--l1-data-price`, `--l2-gas`, `--l2-gas-price`, `--l1-data-gas`, `--l1-data-gas-price`.

## `--l1-gas <L1_GAS>`
Optional.

Maximum L1 gas for the `deploy_account` transaction. When not used, defaults to auto-estimation.

## ` --l1-gas-price <l1_gas_price>`
Optional.

Maximum L1 gas unit price for the `deploy_account` transaction. When not used, defaults to auto-estimation.

## `--l2-gas <L2_GAS>`
Optional.

Maximum L2 gas for the `deploy_account` transaction. When not used, defaults to auto-estimation.

## `--l2-gas-price <L2_GAS_PRICE>`
Optional.

Maximum L2 gas unit price for the `deploy_account` transaction. When not used, defaults to auto-estimation.

## `--l1-data-gas <L1_DATA_GAS>`
Optional.

Maximum L1 data gas for the `deploy_account` transaction. When not used, defaults to auto-estimation.

## `--l1-data-gas-price <l1_data_gas_price>`
Optional.

Maximum L1 data gas unit price for the `deploy_account` transaction. When not used, defaults to auto-estimation.

## `--silent`
Optional.

If passed, the command will not trigger an interactive prompt to add an account as a default

Commit message:

Add `--tip` flag (#3635)
<!-- Reference any GitHub issues resolved by this PR -->

Closes #3516

## Introduced changes

<!-- A brief description of the changes -->

- Add a `--tip` flag to relevant commands. If not provided set it to 0
(passing `None` will result in tip estimation on the starknet-rs side)

docs/src/appendix/sncast/account/deploy.md, after:

# `deploy`
Deploy previously created account to Starknet.

## `--name, -n <ACCOUNT_NAME>`
Required.

Name of the (previously created) account to be deployed.

## `--url, -u <RPC_URL>`
Optional.

Starknet RPC node url address.

Overrides url from `snfoundry.toml`.

## `--network <NETWORK>`
Optional.

Use predefined network with a public provider

Possible values: `mainnet`, `sepolia`.

## `--max-fee, -m <MAX_FEE>`
Optional.

Maximum fee for the `deploy_account` denoted in FRI. Must be greater than zero. If provided, it is not possible to use any of the following fee related flags: `--l1-gas`, `--l1-data-price`, `--l2-gas`, `--l2-gas-price`, `--l1-data-gas`, `--l1-data-gas-price`.

## `--l1-gas <L1_GAS>`
Optional.

Maximum L1 gas for the `deploy_account` transaction. When not used, defaults to auto-estimation.

## ` --l1-gas-price <l1_gas_price>`
Optional.

Maximum L1 gas unit price for the `deploy_account` transaction. When not used, defaults to auto-estimation.

## `--l2-gas <L2_GAS>`
Optional.

Maximum L2 gas for the `deploy_account` transaction. When not used, defaults to auto-estimation.

## `--l2-gas-price <L2_GAS_PRICE>`
Optional.

Maximum L2 gas unit price for the `deploy_account` transaction. When not used, defaults to auto-estimation.

## `--l1-data-gas <L1_DATA_GAS>`
Optional.

Maximum L1 data gas for the `deploy_account` transaction. When not used, defaults to auto-estimation.

## `--l1-data-gas-price <l1_data_gas_price>`
Optional.

Maximum L1 data gas unit price for the `deploy_account` transaction. When not used, defaults to auto-estimation.

## `--tip <TIP>`
Optional.

Tip for the transaction. When not provided, defaults to 0.

## `--silent`
Optional.

If passed, the command will not trigger an interactive prompt to add an account as a default
