docs/src/appendix/sncast/account/import.md, before:

# `import`
Import an account to accounts file.

Account information will be saved to the file specified by `--accounts-file` argument,
which is `~/.starknet_accounts/starknet_open_zeppelin_accounts.json` by default.

## `--name, -n <NAME>`
Optional.

Name of the account to be imported.

## `--address, -a <ADDRESS>`
Required.

Address of the account.

## `--type, -t <ACCOUNT_TYPE>`
Required.

Type of the account. Possible values: oz, argent, braavos.

## `--url, -u <RPC_URL>`
Optional.

Starknet RPC node url address.

Overrides url from `snfoundry.toml`.

## `--network <NETWORK>`
Optional.

Use predefined network with public provider

Possible values: `mainnet`, `sepolia`.

## `--class-hash, -c <CLASS_HASH>`
Optional.

Class hash of the account.

## `--private-key <PRIVATE_KEY>`
Optional.

Account private key.

## `--private-key-file <PRIVATE_KEY_FILE_PATH>`
Optional. If neither `--private-key` nor `--private-key-file` is passed, the user will be prompted to enter the account private key.

Path to the file holding account private key.

## `--salt, -s <SALT>`
Optional.

Salt for the account address.

## `--add-profile <NAME>`
Optional.

If passed, a profile with corresponding name will be added to the local snfoundry.toml.

## `--silent`
Optional.

If passed, the command will not trigger an interactive prompt to add an account as a default

Commit message:

Disable braavos integration (#3122)
<!-- Reference any GitHub issues resolved by this PR -->

Closes #

## Introduced changes

<!-- A brief description of the changes -->

Temporarily disable integration with braavos accounts. Reason for that
described in #3118

## Checklist

<!-- Make sure all of these are complete -->

- [x] Linked relevant issue
- [x] Updated relevant documentation
- [x] Added relevant tests
- [x] Performed self-review of the code
- [x] Added changes to `CHANGELOG.md`

---------

Co-authored-by: Artur Michałek <52135326+cptartur@users.noreply.github.com>

docs/src/appendix/sncast/account/import.md, after:

# `import`
Import an account to accounts file.

Account information will be saved to the file specified by `--accounts-file` argument,
which is `~/.starknet_accounts/starknet_open_zeppelin_accounts.json` by default.

## `--name, -n <NAME>`
Optional.

Name of the account to be imported.

## `--address, -a <ADDRESS>`
Required.

Address of the account.

## `--type, -t <ACCOUNT_TYPE>`
Required.

<!-- TODO(#3118): Include braavos in possible types once integration is restored -->
Type of the account. Possible values: oz, argent.

> ⚠️ **Warning**
> Importing braavos accounts is currently disabled.

## `--url, -u <RPC_URL>`
Optional.

Starknet RPC node url address.

Overrides url from `snfoundry.toml`.

## `--network <NETWORK>`
Optional.

Use predefined network with public provider

Possible values: `mainnet`, `sepolia`.

## `--class-hash, -c <CLASS_HASH>`
Optional.

Class hash of the account.

## `--private-key <PRIVATE_KEY>`
Optional.

Account private key.

## `--private-key-file <PRIVATE_KEY_FILE_PATH>`
Optional. If neither `--private-key` nor `--private-key-file` is passed, the user will be prompted to enter the account private key.

Path to the file holding account private key.

## `--salt, -s <SALT>`
Optional.

Salt for the account address.

## `--add-profile <NAME>`
Optional.

If passed, a profile with corresponding name will be added to the local snfoundry.toml.

## `--silent`
Optional.

If passed, the command will not trigger an interactive prompt to add an account as a default
