docs/src/appendix/sncast/declare.md, before:

# `declare`
Send a declare transaction of Cairo contract to Starknet.

## Required Common Arguments — Passed By CLI or Specified in `snfoundry.toml`

* [`account`](./common.md#--account--a-account_name)

## `--contract-name, -c <CONTRACT_NAME>`
Required.

Name of the contract. Contract name is a part after the mod keyword in your contract file.

## `--url, -u <RPC_URL>`
Optional.

Starknet RPC node url address.

Overrides url from `snfoundry.toml`.

## `--network <NETWORK>`
Optional.

Use predefined network with public provider

Possible values: `mainnet`, `sepolia`.

## `--max-fee, -m <MAX_FEE>`
Optional.

Maximum fee for the `declare` denoted in FRI. Must be greater than zero. If provided, it is not possible to use any of the following fee related flags: `--l1-gas`, `--l1-data-price`, `--l2-gas`, `--l2-gas-price`, `--l1-data-gas`, `--l1-data-gas-price`.

## `--l1-gas <L1_GAS>`
Optional.

Maximum L1 gas for the `declare` transaction. When not used, defaults to auto-estimation.

## ` --l1-gas-price <l1_gas_price>`
Optional.

Maximum L1 gas unit price for the `declare` transaction. When not used, defaults to auto-estimation.

## `--l2-gas <L2_GAS>`
Optional.

Maximum L2 gas for the `declare` transaction. When not used, defaults to auto-estimation.

## `--l2-gas-price <L2_GAS_PRICE>`
Optional.

Maximum L2 gas unit price for the `declare` transaction. When not used, defaults to auto-estimation.

## `--l1-data-gas <L1_DATA_GAS>`
Optional.

Maximum L1 data gas for the `declare` transaction. When not used, defaults to auto-estimation.

## `--l1-data-gas-price <l1_data_gas_price>`
Optional.

Maximum L1 data gas unit price for the `declare` transaction. When not used, defaults to auto-estimation.

## `--tip <TIP>`
Optional.

Tip for the transaction. When not provided, defaults to 0.

## `--nonce, -n <NONCE>`
Optional.

Nonce for transaction. If not provided, nonce will be set automatically.

## `--package <NAME>`
Optional.

Name of the package that should be used.

If supplied, a contract from this package will be used. Required if more than one package exists in a workspace.

Commit message:

Add `--estimate-tip` flag (#3636)
<!-- Reference any GitHub issues resolved by this PR -->

Closes #3554

---------

Co-authored-by: Franciszek Job <54181625+franciszekjob@users.noreply.github.com>

docs/src/appendix/sncast/declare.md, after:

# `declare`
Send a declare transaction of Cairo contract to Starknet.

## Required Common Arguments — Passed By CLI or Specified in `snfoundry.toml`

* [`account`](./common.md#--account--a-account_name)

## `--contract-name, -c <CONTRACT_NAME>`
Required.

Name of the contract. Contract name is a part after the mod keyword in your contract file.

## `--url, -u <RPC_URL>`
Optional.

Starknet RPC node url address.

Overrides url from `snfoundry.toml`.

## `--network <NETWORK>`
Optional.

Use predefined network with public provider

Possible values: `mainnet`, `sepolia`.

## `--max-fee, -m <MAX_FEE>`
Optional.

Maximum fee for the `declare` denoted in FRI. Must be greater than zero. If provided, it is not possible to use any of the following fee related flags: `--l1-gas`, `--l1-data-price`, `--l2-gas`, `--l2-gas-price`, `--l1-data-gas`, `--l1-data-gas-price`.

## `--l1-gas <L1_GAS>`
Optional.

Maximum L1 gas for the `declare` transaction. When not used, defaults to auto-estimation.

## ` --l1-gas-price <l1_gas_price>`
Optional.

Maximum L1 gas unit price for the `declare` transaction. When not used, defaults to auto-estimation.

## `--l2-gas <L2_GAS>`
Optional.

Maximum L2 gas for the `declare` transaction. When not used, defaults to auto-estimation.

## `--l2-gas-price <L2_GAS_PRICE>`
Optional.

Maximum L2 gas unit price for the `declare` transaction. When not used, defaults to auto-estimation.

## `--l1-data-gas <L1_DATA_GAS>`
Optional.

Maximum L1 data gas for the `declare` transaction. When not used, defaults to auto-estimation.

## `--l1-data-gas-price <l1_data_gas_price>`
Optional.

Maximum L1 data gas unit price for the `declare` transaction. When not used, defaults to auto-estimation.

## `--tip <TIP>`
Optional.
Conflicts with: [`--estimate-tip`](#--estimate-tip-estimate_tip)

Tip for the transaction. Tip for the transaction. When not provided, defaults to 0 unless [`--estimate-tip`](#--estimate-tip-estimate_tip) is used.

## `--estimate-tip <ESTIMATE_TIP>`
Optional.
Conflicts with: [`--tip`](#--tip-tip)

If passed, an estimated tip will be added to pay for the transaction. The tip is estimated based on the current network conditions and added to the transaction fee.

## `--nonce, -n <NONCE>`
Optional.

Nonce for transaction. If not provided, nonce will be set automatically.

## `--package <NAME>`
Optional.

Name of the package that should be used.

If supplied, a contract from this package will be used. Required if more than one package exists in a workspace.
