docs/src/appendix/sncast/invoke.md, before:

# `invoke`
Send an invoke transaction to Starknet.

## Required Common Arguments — Passed By CLI or Specified in `snfoundry.toml`

* [`account`](./common.md#--account--a-account_name)

## `--contract-address, -a <CONTRACT_ADDRESS>`
Required.

The address of the contract being called in hex (prefixed with '0x') or decimal representation.

## `--function, -f <FUNCTION_NAME>`
Required.

The name of the function to call.

## `--calldata, -c <CALLDATA>`
Optional.

Inputs to the function, represented by a list of space-delimited values `0x1 2 0x3`.
Calldata arguments may be either 0x hex or decimal felts.

## `--url, -u <RPC_URL>`
Optional.

Starknet RPC node url address.

Overrides url from `snfoundry.toml`.

## `--max-fee, -m <MAX_FEE>`
Optional.

Maximum fee for the `invoke` transaction in Fri or Wei depending on fee token or transaction version. When not used, defaults to auto-estimation.

## `--fee-token <FEE_TOKEN>`
Optional. Required if `--version` is not provided.

Token used for fee payment. Possible values: ETH, STRK.

## `--max-gas <MAX_GAS>`
Optional.

Maximum gas for the `invoke` transaction. When not used, defaults to auto-estimation. (Only for STRK fee payment)

## ` --max-gas-unit-price <MAX_GAS_UNIT_PRICE>`
Optional.

Maximum gas unit price for the `invoke` transaction paid in Fri. When not used, defaults to auto-estimation. (Only for STRK fee payment)

## `--version, -v <VERSION>`
Optional. Required if `--fee-token` is not provided.

Version of the deployment transaction. Possible values: v1, v3.

## `--nonce, -n <NONCE>`
Optional.

Nonce for transaction. If not provided, nonce will be set automatically.

Commit message:

Use `strk` as a default fee token (#2749)
<!-- Reference any GitHub issues resolved by this PR -->

Closes #2696

## Introduced changes

<!-- A brief description of the changes -->

-

## Checklist

<!-- Make sure all of these are complete -->

- [x] Linked relevant issue
- [x] Updated relevant documentation
- [x] Added relevant tests
- [x] Performed self-review of the code
- [x] Added changes to `CHANGELOG.md`

docs/src/appendix/sncast/invoke.md, after:

# `invoke`
Send an invoke transaction to Starknet.

## Required Common Arguments — Passed By CLI or Specified in `snfoundry.toml`

* [`account`](./common.md#--account--a-account_name)

## `--contract-address, -a <CONTRACT_ADDRESS>`
Required.

The address of the contract being called in hex (prefixed with '0x') or decimal representation.

## `--function, -f <FUNCTION_NAME>`
Required.

The name of the function to call.

## `--calldata, -c <CALLDATA>`
Optional.

Inputs to the function, represented by a list of space-delimited values `0x1 2 0x3`.
Calldata arguments may be either 0x hex or decimal felts.

## `--url, -u <RPC_URL>`
Optional.

Starknet RPC node url address.

Overrides url from `snfoundry.toml`.

## `--max-fee, -m <MAX_FEE>`
Optional.

Maximum fee for the `invoke` transaction in Fri or Wei depending on fee token or transaction version. When not used, defaults to auto-estimation.

## `--fee-token <FEE_TOKEN>`
Optional. When not used, defaults to STRK.

Token used for fee payment. Possible values: ETH, STRK.

## `--max-gas <MAX_GAS>`
Optional.

Maximum gas for the `invoke` transaction. When not used, defaults to auto-estimation. (Only for STRK fee payment)

## ` --max-gas-unit-price <MAX_GAS_UNIT_PRICE>`
Optional.

Maximum gas unit price for the `invoke` transaction paid in Fri. When not used, defaults to auto-estimation. (Only for STRK fee payment)

## `--version, -v <VERSION>`
Optional. When not used, defaults to v3.

Version of the deployment transaction. Possible values: v1, v3.

## `--nonce, -n <NONCE>`
Optional.

Nonce for transaction. If not provided, nonce will be set automatically.
